README.md, before:

# KSP Mod Lists
This repository is just lists of links to mods for [Kerbal Space Program](https://kerbalspaceprogram.com/ "Kerbal Space Program") (KSP) that I like or want to try out, organized (very roughly) by the severity of their effects on gameplay and stock compatibility.  Not all mods have been checked for compatibility with current versions of KSP.


## Class 1 – _Ambiance_
These mods improve the general atmosphere or ambiance of the game without damaging compatibility.  That is, a game will work pretty much the same with or without the mod installed.

* [Collision FX](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/101496-1-0-x-Collision-FX-v3-2-(2015-05-14)-Now-with-EVA-kerbal-sound-effects "KSP Forum Thread")
* Distant Object Enhancement
  - [Original KSP Forum Thread (KSP 0.24)](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/69907-0-24-Distant-Object-Enhancement-1-3-1-Planets-satellites-in-the-night-sky!-(7-29) "Distant Object Enhancement Original KSP Forum Thread")
  - Distant Object Enhancement bis (MOARdV's Maintenance Version)
    * [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/MOARdV/DistantObject "Distant Object Enhancement bis on GitHub")
    * [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/403/Distant%20Object%20Enhancement%20bis "Distant Object Enhancement bis on Kerbal Stuff")
    * [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/98943 "Distant Object Enhancement bis KSP Forum Thread")
* [Engine Lighting](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/121987-1-0-4-Engine-Lighting-(1-4-0)-The-Decoupler-Update-(30-June) "KSP Forum Thread")
* [RCS Sound Effects](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/52896-1-0-x-RCS-Sound-(and-light!)-Effects-(2015-02-01) "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Rover Wheel Sounds](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/55104-1-0-x-Rover-Wheel-Sounds-v1-1-(2014-09-25) "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Stock Clamshell Fairings](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/124031-1-0-4-Stock-Clamshell-Fairings-(June-1) "KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 2 – *Trivial Parts*
These mods add parts, but don't generally add new mechanics.  The parts can often easily be removed from crafts to make them stock-compatible.

* [EVA Handrails](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/100531-0-25-NEBULA-space-engineering-EVA-handrails-pack "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Surface Lights](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/57778-1-0-Surface-Mounted-Stock-Alike-Lights-for-Self-Illumination "KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 3 – _Tools_
These are gameplay tools.  Their functions vary widely, so they also affect the game in lots of different ways.

* [Critical Temperature Gauge](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/119686-1-0-4-Critical-temperature-gauge "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Kerbal Engineer Redux](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/18230-1-0-4-Kerbal-Engineer-Redux-v1-0-18-0 "KSP Forum Thread")
* [TweakScale](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/80234-0-90-TweakScale-Rescale-Everything!-(v1-50-2014-12-24-10-40-UTC) "KSP Forum Thread")
* UbioZur Welding
  - [Original KSP Forum Thread (KSP 0.22)](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/38577-0-22-UbioZur-Welding-Ltd-2-0-Dev-STOPPED "KSP Forum Thread")
  - Malkuth's Unofficial Fix (KSP 0.23)
    * [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/malkuth1974/unofficailUbioWeld "Malkuth's Unofficial Fix for UbioZur Welding source on GitHub")
    * [KSP Forum Post](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/38577-0-22-UbioZur-Welding-Ltd-2-0-Playtest-5-Now-In-Game-Tool?p=1002144&viewfull=1#post1002144 "Malkuth's Unofficial Fix for UbioZur Welding KSP Forum Post")


## Class 4 – _Integral Mods_
These mods add whole new mechanics or tech systems, or parts that tend to become integral to crafts, making them difficult to remove from crafts without breaking them.  These mods become a part of how you play the game in a save, so removing is normally prohibitively difficult.

### _Tech_
These add tech, and usually add or change parts for that tech.

* Remote Tech
  - [Online Manual](https://remotetechnologiesgroup.github.io/RemoteTech/ "Remote Tech Main Site")
  - [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/RemoteTechnologiesGroup/RemoteTech "Remote Tech source on GitHub")
  - [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/83305-1-0-4-RemoteTech-v1-6-7-2015-06-25 "Remote Tech KSP Forum Thread")
* SCANsat
  - [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/S-C-A-N/SCANsat "SCANsat source on GitHub")
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/249/SCANsat "SCANsat on Kerbal Stuff")

### _Integral Parts & Parts Packs_
These add large numbers of parts and/or parts that easily become integral to a craft, making that craft difficult to make stock-compatible.

* B9 Aerospace (KSP 0.90)
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](http://beta.kerbalstuff.com/mod/132/B9%20Aerospace%20Pack "B9 Aerospace on Kerbal Stuff")
  - [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/92630-0-90-B9-Aerospace-Release-5-2-8-(updated-30-12-14) "B9 Aerospace KSP Forum Thread")
* KW Rocketry (KSP 1.0.2)
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/67/KW%20Rocketry "KW Rocketry on Kerbal Stuff")
  - [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/51037-1-02-KW-Rocketry-v2-7-Available-1-02-Compatibility!-16-05-2015 "KW Rocketry KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 5 – _Game Changers_
These mods overhaul whole features, or in some cases, the whole game.  Air- or spacecraft built with them may not work the same way in stock.  The changes they introduce often make the gameplay substantially different to stock.

### _Feature Overhauls_
* Ferram Aerospace Research (FAR)
  - [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ferram4/Ferram-Aerospace-Research "Ferram Aerospace Research Source on GitHub")
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/52/Ferram%20Aerospace%20Research "Ferram Aerospace Research on Kerbal Stuff")

### _Game Overhauls_
* [KSP Interstellar (KSP 0.25)](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/43839-0-25-KSP-Interstellar-(Magnetic-Nozzles-ISRU-Revamp)-Version-0-13 "KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 6 – _Dependencies_
These mods often don't provide much visible functionality on their own, but are frequently dependencies for other mods.  Because of this, they may or may not introduce save-breaking changes themselves, but the mods that depend on them usually do.

* [Module Manager](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/55219-1-0-x-Module-Manager-2-6-7-(August-4th)-With-more-SHA256 "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Raster Prop Monitor](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/117471-1-0-RasterPropMonitor-still-putting-the-A-in-IVA "KSP Forum Thread")

Commit message:

5 – add Community Bug Fixes subcategory w/ Stock Bug Fix Modules

README.md, after:

# KSP Mod Lists
This repository is just lists of links to mods for [Kerbal Space Program](https://kerbalspaceprogram.com/ "Kerbal Space Program") (KSP) that I like or want to try out, organized (very roughly) by the severity of their effects on gameplay and stock compatibility.  Not all mods have been checked for compatibility with current versions of KSP.


## Class 1 – _Ambiance_
These mods improve the general atmosphere or ambiance of the game without damaging compatibility.  That is, a game will work pretty much the same with or without the mod installed.

* [Collision FX](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/101496-1-0-x-Collision-FX-v3-2-(2015-05-14)-Now-with-EVA-kerbal-sound-effects "KSP Forum Thread")
* Distant Object Enhancement
  - [Original KSP Forum Thread (KSP 0.24)](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/69907-0-24-Distant-Object-Enhancement-1-3-1-Planets-satellites-in-the-night-sky!-(7-29) "Distant Object Enhancement Original KSP Forum Thread")
  - Distant Object Enhancement bis (MOARdV's Maintenance Version)
    * [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/MOARdV/DistantObject "Distant Object Enhancement bis on GitHub")
    * [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/403/Distant%20Object%20Enhancement%20bis "Distant Object Enhancement bis on Kerbal Stuff")
    * [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/98943 "Distant Object Enhancement bis KSP Forum Thread")
* [Engine Lighting](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/121987-1-0-4-Engine-Lighting-(1-4-0)-The-Decoupler-Update-(30-June) "KSP Forum Thread")
* [RCS Sound Effects](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/52896-1-0-x-RCS-Sound-(and-light!)-Effects-(2015-02-01) "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Rover Wheel Sounds](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/55104-1-0-x-Rover-Wheel-Sounds-v1-1-(2014-09-25) "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Stock Clamshell Fairings](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/124031-1-0-4-Stock-Clamshell-Fairings-(June-1) "KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 2 – *Trivial Parts*
These mods add parts, but don't generally add new mechanics.  The parts can often easily be removed from crafts to make them stock-compatible.

* [EVA Handrails](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/100531-0-25-NEBULA-space-engineering-EVA-handrails-pack "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Surface Lights](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/57778-1-0-Surface-Mounted-Stock-Alike-Lights-for-Self-Illumination "KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 3 – _Tools_
These are gameplay tools.  Their functions vary widely, so they also affect the game in lots of different ways.

* [Critical Temperature Gauge](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/119686-1-0-4-Critical-temperature-gauge "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Kerbal Engineer Redux](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/18230-1-0-4-Kerbal-Engineer-Redux-v1-0-18-0 "KSP Forum Thread")
* [TweakScale](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/80234-0-90-TweakScale-Rescale-Everything!-(v1-50-2014-12-24-10-40-UTC) "KSP Forum Thread")
* UbioZur Welding
  - [Original KSP Forum Thread (KSP 0.22)](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/38577-0-22-UbioZur-Welding-Ltd-2-0-Dev-STOPPED "KSP Forum Thread")
  - Malkuth's Unofficial Fix (KSP 0.23)
    * [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/malkuth1974/unofficailUbioWeld "Malkuth's Unofficial Fix for UbioZur Welding source on GitHub")
    * [KSP Forum Post](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/38577-0-22-UbioZur-Welding-Ltd-2-0-Playtest-5-Now-In-Game-Tool?p=1002144&viewfull=1#post1002144 "Malkuth's Unofficial Fix for UbioZur Welding KSP Forum Post")


## Class 4 – _Integral Mods_
These mods add whole new mechanics or tech systems, or parts that tend to become integral to crafts, making them difficult to remove from crafts without breaking them.  These mods become a part of how you play the game in a save, so removing is normally prohibitively difficult.

### _Tech_
These add tech, and usually add or change parts for that tech.

* Remote Tech
  - [Online Manual](https://remotetechnologiesgroup.github.io/RemoteTech/ "Remote Tech Main Site")
  - [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/RemoteTechnologiesGroup/RemoteTech "Remote Tech source on GitHub")
  - [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/83305-1-0-4-RemoteTech-v1-6-7-2015-06-25 "Remote Tech KSP Forum Thread")
* SCANsat
  - [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/S-C-A-N/SCANsat "SCANsat source on GitHub")
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/249/SCANsat "SCANsat on Kerbal Stuff")

### _Integral Parts & Parts Packs_
These add large numbers of parts and/or parts that easily become integral to a craft, making that craft difficult to make stock-compatible.

* B9 Aerospace (KSP 0.90)
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](http://beta.kerbalstuff.com/mod/132/B9%20Aerospace%20Pack "B9 Aerospace on Kerbal Stuff")
  - [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/92630-0-90-B9-Aerospace-Release-5-2-8-(updated-30-12-14) "B9 Aerospace KSP Forum Thread")
* KW Rocketry (KSP 1.0.2)
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/67/KW%20Rocketry "KW Rocketry on Kerbal Stuff")
  - [KSP Forum Thread](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/51037-1-02-KW-Rocketry-v2-7-Available-1-02-Compatibility!-16-05-2015 "KW Rocketry KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 5 – _Game Changers_
These mods overhaul whole features, or in some cases, the whole game.  Air- or spacecraft built with them may not work the same way in stock.  The changes they introduce often make the gameplay substantially different to stock.

### _Community Bug Fixes_
These focus only on fixing bugs in the stock game, so save-breaking is minimal and gameplay is largely unaffected.

* [Stock Bug Fix Modules](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/97285-KSP-v1-0-4-Stock-Bug-Fix-Modules-(Release-v1-0-4b-2-1-Aug-15) "KSP Forum Thread")

### _Feature Overhauls_
* Ferram Aerospace Research (FAR)
  - [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ferram4/Ferram-Aerospace-Research "Ferram Aerospace Research Source on GitHub")
  - [Kerbal Stuff Page](https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/52/Ferram%20Aerospace%20Research "Ferram Aerospace Research on Kerbal Stuff")

### _Game Overhauls_
* [KSP Interstellar (KSP 0.25)](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/43839-0-25-KSP-Interstellar-(Magnetic-Nozzles-ISRU-Revamp)-Version-0-13 "KSP Forum Thread")


## Class 6 – _Dependencies_
These mods often don't provide much visible functionality on their own, but are frequently dependencies for other mods.  Because of this, they may or may not introduce save-breaking changes themselves, but the mods that depend on them usually do.

* [Module Manager](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/55219-1-0-x-Module-Manager-2-6-7-(August-4th)-With-more-SHA256 "KSP Forum Thread")
* [Raster Prop Monitor](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/117471-1-0-RasterPropMonitor-still-putting-the-A-in-IVA "KSP Forum Thread")
